[Music]
hello everyone
welcome to the kitchen today i'm going
to show you how to make
rainbow layered salad pots they're
really great for lunch boxes for kids or
taking on a picnic
it's really simple to make so i'm going
to show you what you're going to need
and you can even switch up the
ingredients if you like
the first thing i've got is 350 grams of
dried pasta
a tin of sweet corn which i've drained
that was 190 gram tin
four tablespoons of natural yogurt four
tablespoons of mayonnaise
160 grams of cheese but you could use
shredded chicken or tuna
200 grams of cherry tomatoes i've got
whole orange pepper
200 grams of fine beans and also some
chives
before i do my assembling i'm going to
cook my pasta and cook my beans
then come back and chop everything up
and lay them all up in the pots
my pasta is cooked my beans are cooked
before i do the assembly
i'm just going to chop up the rest of my
vegetables and grate my cheese
[Music]
the cherry tomatoes i'm just going to
cut into quarters it's a good idea to
use a serrated knife when you're cutting
tomatoes it's much easier so they don't
get squished
almost ready just gonna grate the cheese
that's everything ready now apart from
the dressing so all i need to do is mix
together
my mayonnaise and yogurt
just give it a stir for a bit of flavor
i'm going to add some chopped chives you
don't have to it is optional
but i think they give it a really nice
flavor so i've got a bunch of chives
i'm just going to use a pair of scissors
and snip them into my dressing
and now just give it another stir
everything's ready now it's time for the
fun part to make all the rainbow layers
in my salad pots so this is a really
great one to do with the kids they'll
get really into it and then they'll be
getting two of their five a day
i've just put my pots on an upside down
cake tin so you can see what i'm doing
and see the layers being created
all i need to do now is just pour in
different ingredients
and create the nice layers and build
them up to the top of the jar first up
is a pasta
just going to divide it between them all
just use it all up
until you've got a nice layer of plaster
in the bottom
right the next thing i'm going to do is
add the dressing now if you were using
some shredded tuna
or other meat you can mix the dressing
into that and then create the layer but
i'm using cheddar cheese
so i'm just going to put my dressing
over the top of the pasta first of all
now i'm just going to use my spoon and
just kind of spread it out to kind of
create the layer
just pushing it to the edge of the jar
now the next layer cheddar cheese i'm
just going to sprinkle that in
[Music]
the green beans
now it's time to add the red layer i'm
going to add some of the chopped cherry
tomatoes
next up a little bit of orange i'm going
to sprinkle in some of the
orange peppers and lastly
for the yellow sprinkling of sweet corn
on the top
they look brilliant they are actually
super fun to make
and really healthy too so it's a bonus
because they're great for kids lunch
boxes
all for picnics so now they're all done
you just need to cover them over
and keep them in the fridge until you're
ready to grab and go
so i've just got a lid here
and look at those i think they look
brilliant i really enjoyed making these
and i hope you enjoy making them too
and if you do please share your picks
and use the hashtag
stay safe get cooking these are
delicious
[Music]
you